1. Designing functions to return values in two different ways (via an argument and/or by return) increases usability and flexibility in certain scenarios.

Benefit: 
    This approach provides our caller function with two options to decide on how they want to receive the functions result. While some may prefer to retrieve the result directly
    from the return value, others may find it more convenient to retrieve the result through the argument. This flexible nature permits different coding styles.
    hence, making the function more usable and adaptable to a variety of situations. By providing multiple ways to return the result of a function, the 
    function becomes more flexible, for example, if we want our caller function just retrieve the result once and without making any changes, we can simply.
    use the return value. Conversely, if we want our caller function to make additional calculations and or modify the result before using it, we can retrieve.
    the result via an argument (pointer) which evaluates the “data at the address” and makes it possible to alter certain changes.

Drawback:
    However, A negative aspect of designing functions to work this is that it may make the functions usage more complex and error prone. Also, this design approach 
    may lead to less readable and less self-explanatory code. It may be less clear to other developers how to interact with the function, especially if the functions.
    behavior is not well documented or if there is no consistent convention for using the return value versus the argument.
     
In summary, the advantage of providing multiple ways to return values from a function is that it increases usability and flexibility which allows us to choose the most. 
suitable approach based on the specific requirement. However, this can add more complexity and reduce readability if not used carefully, hence making it harder to understand.
and maintain code.


2. Cohesion describes the focus. According to the principles of structured programming, a highly cohesive function should perform one task and only that task.
    For this workshop, I personally think the "convertLbs" function exhibits LOW COHESION. This is because the convertsLbs function converts the received argument representing. 
    the pounds value (lbs) to both kilograms(kg) and grams(g). This means it performs more than one task which is converting from pounds to kilograms and to grams. A highly cohesive
    function should perform just a single task. In such a case, I will take out the function from my application since I already have the "convertsLbsKg" and ""convertsLbsG" 
    doing the conversion independently.

   Coupling refers to the degree of interrelatedness of a module with other modules. The less information that passes between the modules and other modules, the better the design.
    For this workshop, I think the "calculateReportData" function exhibits to an extent a high degree of coupling. It depends on the convertsLbsKg, convertlbsG, costPerServing
    and other functions to determine its execution. To solve this, I will transfer data to the module and let it create its own tables and variables to complete the task.



3. The C compiler passes objects of structure type by value of the argument. It copies the value of the argument in the function call into the parameter, as it initial value.
    Any changes made within the function's body affect only the copy and not the original value. 
    To increase efficiency, we pass an object by address. This avoids copying all member values, saving time and space especially in cases where the where a member is an array. 
    with many elements. Passing an object by address only copies the address, which typically occupies 4 bytes.
    
   - Handle the possibility of NULL or invalid data: Check for NULL or invalid data in the CatFoodInfo structure before displaying its contents. We can add error handling or provide.
     default values for missing or invalid data to ensure that the function behaves correctly even with incomplete or corrupted data.

   - We can also use appropriate formatting tables and labels.


